<h3>Python files that are written just for fun.</h3><br><br>
<h3>Send an email with Python script</h3>  
<p>The files required to send an email using the Python script are Sending_Email_With_Python.ipynb and ErrorMsg.py. To fully automate the task download bash_script along with AutoEmail.py and ErrorMsg.py in the same directory and run 'bash bash_script' command in the terminal. In this project I used three modules os, smtplib and ssl, most of which come as built-in modules and therefore do not need to be installed additionally. Related files are AutoEmail.py, Email_content.txt, ErrorMsg.py, Sending_Email_With_Python.ipynp, bash_scrpt</p> <br><br>
<h3>Search all files in any given directory</h3>    
<p>For this project, I am writing a Python script (search_files.py) that will search all files and directories that are in the given path. Later, all the filenames, filenames with different extension and the size of the files are written to the output files "Output_files.csv" and "All_extension.csv" as pandas date frame. This is a user-interactive program, which means that the program asks for information in the terminal and displays some information on the terminal. If a given position is not the full path, the program will stop trying to run it and throw a possible error. This is a simple but useful program that uses os, sys, numpy, and pandas modules. Related file is Search_files.py</p>
<br><br>
<h3>A simple Bouncing Ball Game</h3> 
<p>
For this project I used four methods - GraphWin, Text, Point, Circle - of  the graphics module. To generate random numbers the random module is used and the screen is kept away from the sleep using time module. The game starts as soon as the mouse is clicked on the canvas. The ball motion can be made faster and slower by changing the delay time as well as the increment values for dx, dy in the make_ball_move() function. Most of the code is self-explanatory, but a detailed explanation for each function is given at the beginning of the code. Related file is Bouncing_Ball_game.py
</p>
